Amazon Prime Membership
What We Do
Prime
An Amazon Prime membership comes with much more than fast, free delivery. Check out the shopping, entertainment, healthcare, and grocery benefits, plus updates available to members.
Here’s how much a Prime membership costs, and how to make the most of its benefits
Amazon Prime makes your life more convenient, simple, and fun, while saving you money every single day.
Shopping, entertainment, and savings benefits
Prime Video’s Ad Free subscription becomes Prime Video Ultra for $4.99 a month
Prime Video Ultra will replace the service’s current Ad Free subscription and include enhanced features.
Amazon launches Health AI agent on Amazon website and app with free 24/7 access to virtual care for Prime members
The new Health AI answers questions, explains health records, manages prescription renewals, books appointments, and more.
‘Love Me Love Me 2’ sequel coming to Prime Video
The film is the second installment of the saga based on Stefania S.'s international bestselling novels.
Watch the trailer for ‘Rory McIlroy: The Masters Wait,’ a new documentary coming to Prime Video March 30
'Rory McIlroy: The Masters Wait' follows the golfer's winding road to his 2025 Masters victory and career Grand Slam.
What’s new on Prime Video in March, including ‘Scarpetta,’ ‘Jury Duty Presents: Company Retreat,’ and more
Check out what films, series, sports, and fresh episodes are premiering this month on the streaming service.
Alexa+ now available to everyone in the US—and free for Prime members
Alexa+ is the newest Prime benefit, giving members in the U.S. a powerful AI assistant accessible by voice, browser, and the Alexa app for no additional cost—and now anyone can try Alexa+ at Alexa.com.
Amazon sets new Prime delivery speed record in 2025
Over 13 billion items arrived the same or next day around the world.
13 romantic (and lovelorn) films and series to watch on Prime Video
From swoonworthy meet-cutes to perfectly imperfect love stories, here’s your guide to romance on Prime Video, whether you’re single, smitten—or it’s complicated.
How to use Amazon Family to manage digital content and share many Prime benefits with your family members
Amazon Family makes it easy for customers to manage and share services, subscriptions, and digital content, all in one place.
Amazon’s Same-Day perishable grocery delivery expands to 2,300+ cities and towns as fresh foods become bestsellers
Bananas, avocados, and blueberries become customers’ top picks for both quality and everyday low prices.
19 holiday films on Prime Video for every mood
Forget endless scrolling and indecision: From timeless classics to new favorites and hidden gems, Prime Video has something for everyone this holiday season.
How to get your Amazon purchase delivered in just hours with Same-Day Delivery
Prime members across the U.S. can enjoy free Same-Day Delivery on eligible orders.
Jump right to the movie scene you describe with the launch of Fire TV's new Alexa+ feature
Simply tell Alexa+ about the scene you want to watch, and Fire TV will skip straight to that moment in the film on Prime Video.
Amazon offering deliveries in 30 minutes in parts of Seattle and Philadelphia
Ultra-fast Amazon Now deliveries for household essentials and fresh groceries available to customers in some areas of Seattle and Philadelphia.
Amazon’s commitment to low prices every day
Amazon offers the lowest prices every day across the widest selection of products—plus extra savings for Prime members.
Alexa+ now redefines music intelligence in the Amazon Music app
Generative AI brings a whole new way to discover, search, and enjoy your favorite music with Alexa+ in the Amazon Music app.
8 Prime membership benefits you might not be using (but should be)
Everyone knows about fast, free delivery—but here are some awesome Prime benefits you may not be taking advantage of.
More from Amazon
Previous slide
1 / 1
Next slide
The top 7 questions about Kindle for kids, answered
Devices
AWS and Cerebras collaboration aims to set a new standard for AI inference speed and performance in the cloud
AWS
How to listen to the new 'Harry Potter' audiobooks on Audible
Entertainment
Everything you need to know about Amazon Nova
AWS
Amazon delivers another strong year of safety progress, making our workplaces even safer for our employees
Workplace
You can now customize how Alexa+ responds with new personality styles
Devices
Amazon in the community: Here’s what’s happening in Seattle, Bellevue, and the Puget Sound
Community
How to watch the 2026 NWSL season on Prime Video
Entertainment
Scroll to top button
Amazon News
Press Center
Amazon.com
Investor Resources
Country & Language:
EN
Careers
Site Map
More from Amazon
Amazon.com
Conditions of Use
Amazon Privacy Policy
© 1996-
2026
Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
News
Stores and Shopping
AWS
Devices
Entertainment
Artificial Intelligence
Workplace
Sustainability
Community
International
Featured Topics
Alexa+
About Us
What We Do
Working at Amazon
Leadership Principles
Shareholder Letters
Reports
Our Impact
Sustainability
Community
Small Businesses
Economy
Featured Topics
Building Strong Communities
Amazon Future Ready
Subscribe